hey guys what's going on
I have here the Samsung Galaxy Note 2
Verizon today I went and checked on the
software's system of days and I guess
there's an update available for the
phone right now and as you can see says
here software update Verizon Wireless
update can I make a receive phone calls
including 9-1-1 calls during the update
it says approximate update time it's two
minutes and the software includes a
naming and enhancements an improvement
to the Samsung basic the samsung galaxy
note 2 and is basically patches and
update for security issues but I want to
go over with you a little more in detail
I have this website pull up here that
has some information about the update
basically the size of the update its out
seven point eight megabytes includes a
price on changelog for for under
security pads
according to Verizon it will provide
additional security I'm not sure what
that entails other than that guys it
doesn't really specify what comes with
the update so I'm gonna go ahead and
start the update I'm bear with me
because I'm using on my tablet right now
to do the video and I don't have the
pass option so I'm not sure how long is
it gonna take hopefully only two minutes
and you will see how the phone reboots
and all that during this video
if it takes too long I will probably you
know just cut the video short but
one of the suggestions according to the
Verizon website you're supposed to have
at least 40% battery life before you
start the update I have 43% but I have
my target right here next to me so if
anything I will connect to a charger so
less well let's go ahead and start so
here we go
I can tell you guys I've been using his
phone since the day that came out in I
think he was out November 29th when I
receive it to his basically been almost
two months as today and so far really
really happy with the phone I don't have
any complaints are all amazing screen
amazing quality the of course you know
the camera it's super nice takes amazing
pictures video camera is super nice too
super clear and really high definition
videos when you do a 1080 he has assumed
and zoom in and out capability you can
pause the videos so I really like that
because there are not a lot of phones
that comes with that option actually
actually as a matter of fact I think
only the Samsung has that option or you
can pause the video battery life amazing
I usually I usually get about twenty
five hours continuous users be from down
to like forty percent other than that
guys know I know a few issues with the
signal the signal drop sometimes and and
I get like one bar two bars then
sometimes I get four or five but it kind
of like changing all the time so the
phone already boot up and I'm assuming
they all they update finish as you can
see it says right here so far updated by
Verizon Wireless this software updated
update includes but when I click OK it
disappear so miss if I can go to the
series and
let's see here
I bought a phone so far they okay so
basically it says hundred words from
4.1.1 and version I'm not quite sure if
these numbers change from what it was
before cuz I don't remember what it was
but I'm just showing you guys so you can
have an idea before you do the update
maybe look at this number so and you
know if you were compared with this
video then see what the numbers look
like after you do they'll do the update
but other than that if you if I click
here so for update it says so far the
the version Wireless name there's an
update there of data so sexual code 200
venders Samsung there's a time and a
description it says right here this
software update includes in hanhae and
nays means an improvement to your Sam
Soon SCH - I 6:05 see www.vitac.com /
galaxy note support for details so it
doesn't really give details of the
update as you can see now I click on a
check for updates and there no new of
the software updates available so now
it's updated to the latest version so
that's all for now guys so the Samsung
Galaxy Note 2 with a new update for
security patches so thanks for watching
guys